---
layout: post
title:  Fixed Issues
root: ../
categories: RELEASE_NOTES
parent: [release_note, 0.0.11]
node_name: 0.0.11_fixed
weight: 200
exclude_from_search: true
---

{%summary%}{%endsummary%}

# Jenkins plugin fixed issues



# Alien 4 Cloud fixed issues

* ALIEN-222: Improves the handling of application statuses when the IPaaSProvider fails or is slow to answer.
* ALIEN-230: Unicity of a node template key is now managed lowercase and space independent.
* ALIEN-243: Input properties are now visible only to Application Deployer and Manager.
* ALIEN-249: Fix an issue in Input and Output properties management when a node template was removed or renamed.
* ALIEN-250: Fix an issue in relationships management when a node template is renamed.
* ALIEN-251: Fix an issue on capabilities and requirements bounds management when a node template is renamed or removed.
* ALIEN-232: Fix a bug in the validation of relationships target upper bound (was actually checking from the requirement's bound instead).
* ALIEN-244: When a relationship is added to a topology, a dependency on the CSAR that contains the relationship is now added. This prevented to generate workflows in some situations.
* ALIEN-246: Relationships are now linked to a capability so we can manage bounds correctly.
* ALIEN-266: Fix issues in components inheritance (some properties, attributes and artifacts where not merged from parent nodes).
* ALIEN-268: Fix an issue in topology graph generation that failed to render correctly some inherited hosted_on or depends_on relationships.
* ALIEN-269: Fix issues in management of topology dependency when nodes are removed. Dependencies where never removed if not used anymore.
* ALIEN-274: Fix an issue that allowed to delete an application even if a deployment was running.
* ALIEN-277: On initial deployment the runtime view doesn't display a red status anymore but deploying.
* ALIEN-284: The runtime view display the deployed topology and not the current application topology fixing issues in event and state rendering.
* ALIEN-309: Fix an issue in the Application detail screen (delete button was visible even to user that cannot delete the application).
* ALIEN-315: Using Firefox on some OS the rendering of topology view was getting messy when the browser window was resized.
* ALIEN-317: The role management tab for an application is now visible only to users that have the ability to edit application's users.
* ALIEN-318: Fix an issue with permissions management on the UI that where reseted when the browser window was refreshed (F5).


# Cloudify 2 PaaS Provider fixed issues

* ALIEN-233: Fixed an issue in the matching of Compute nodes in Cloudify 2 PaaS provider (version wasn't taken in account).

