---
layout: post
title:  What's New
root: ../
categories: RELEASE_NOTES
parent: [release_note, 0.0.12]
node_name: 0.0.12_new
weight: 100
---

{%summary%}{%endsummary%}

# Alien 4 Cloud new features

* ALIEN-259: Admin can now assign users and groups to a cloud to allow them to deploy on it.
* ALIEN-314: It is now possible to rename an existing topology template.
* ALIEN-335: Definition of relationships now supports Simple Profile in YAML wd02. It is possible to setup a relationship to use straight on the type. UI relationship editor takes this in account to automatically skip phases (still possible to override)
* ALIEN-299: null
* ALIEN-328: null
* ALIEN-381: Deployment/Start plan (workflow) is now displayed in the UI.

# Alien 4 Cloud feature improvements

* ALIEN-264: Hosted-On relationship creations is now easier, when editing a topology it is possible to drag and drop a contained element directly on it's host, the relationship modal is automatically opened.
* ALIEN-310: Plugin developers can now define constraints in the PaaS provider configuration or plugin configuration.
* ALIEN-331: Deployment properties defined on a PaaS provider have their constraints validated in the UI.
* ALIEN-155: null
* ALIEN-312: null
* ALIEN-338: In the runtime view, event window is readable even using small resolutions.
* ALIEN-341: Events are now sent through web sockets rather than polled.


# Cloudify 2 PaaS Provider new features

* ALIEN-360: Cloudify v2 Locators can now be provided if default implementation is not enough.
* ALIEN-362: Stop detections can now be provided to Cloudify2 driver
* ALIEN-388: Cloudify 2 PaaS Provider now supports restart events for automatic failure recovery.

# Cloudify 2 PaaS Provider feature improvements


