---
layout: post
title:  What's New
root: ../
categories: RELEASE_NOTES
parent: [release_note, 0.0.11]
node_name: 0.0.11_new
weight: 100
exclude_from_search: true
---

{%summary%}{%endsummary%}

# Jenkins plugin new features

* ALIEN-327: A jenkins plugin now allows to ease the testing of CSAR directly from the SCM.

# Jenkins plugin feature improvements



# Alien 4 Cloud new features

* ALIEN-135: Ability to add users to a group.
* ALIEN-136: Remove users from a group.
* ALIEN-236: Cardinalities for requirements and capabilities are now displayed on components details view.
* ALIEN-237: Applications can be renamed.
* ALIEN-238: PaaS providers can now have deployments parameters that the user can setup in the UI just before the actual deployment.
* ALIEN-240: TOSCA support increased: The scope field on properties is replaced by required (boolean). In order to manage 'runtime' scope for a property we now have a distinct attributes sections. Attributes are runtime properties that are set by the TOSCA container.
* ALIEN-241: Properties for requirements and capabilities are now displayed in the UI.
* ALIEN-252: A single PaaS Provider plugin can now manage multiple Clouds (new concept introduced in Alien 4 Cloud 0.0.11)
* ALIEN-253: Cloud name and properties can be updated.
* ALIEN-255: Enable and disable a cloud.
* ALIEN-24: Remove an existing cloud.
* ALIEN-204: Admin can now specifies system tags for components and applications.
* ALIEN-205: Components manager can view and edit system tags configured by Admin.
* ALIEN-206: Application managers can now view and edit system tags configured by the admin
* ALIEN-219: It is now possible to rename a relationship when editing a topology.
* ALIEN-263: All deployments on a cloud are now listed on the cloud detail view.
* ALIEN-257: Global security can now leverage groups.
* ALIEN-262: A REST service allows to trigger deployment of SNAPSHOT CSAR test recipe. The CSAR  must contain a yaml topology in test folder. This allows automating CSAR testing.
* ALIEN-258: Application security can now leverage groups.
* ALIEN-295: Users created locally in Alien can be now be removed.
* ALIEN-296: Users created locally in Alien can now be updated (first name, last name and e-mail).

# Alien 4 Cloud feature improvements

* ALIEN-201: New version of a plugin tries to reuse the previous configuration if possible.
* ALIEN-239: documentation field in the recipes has been changed to description to be closer to the TOSCA Simple profile in YAML working draft 1 and 2.
* ALIEN-256: Mandatory system tags are renamed into important as they don't prevent the application/component from being deployed/used.
* ALIEN-261: It is now possible to upload a SNAPSHOT version of an archive and update it multiple times (release versions cannot be overridden).
* ALIEN-275: Improves the management and responsiveness of application status.
* ALIEN-276: A progress bar and success feedback is now provided for artifacts uploads.
* ALIEN-278: Monitoring events from PaaS Providers have a TTL that can be setup in calm-config.yaml. For now the setting must be done before starting Alien for the first time. An improvement will follow so we can update it on restart.
* ALIEN-289: Deploy button is now placed before the driver deployment properties so you don't have to scroll through all configuration options when they are already set
* ALIEN-291: Same components and relationship from different versions are now displayed in a single row in the components/relationship search, a drop down allows to switch version.
* ALIEN-292: In the node template's details on topology view we now display not only the type but also the name and version of the archive containing the type.
* ALIEN-300: Group management has been rewritten and you can now create, update, remove and query groups.
* ALIEN-303: On the topology graph, long names are now managed correctly and are truncated if too long while a tooltip allows to view the full name when mouse get over the node.
* ALIEN-282: Dropdown to select user roles is now placed on the left of the button so it's always visible.
* ALIEN-290: Alerts are now displayed in a toast like component and disappears automatically.
* ALIEN-298: Improvements of topology rendering. Faster and better implementation. Links of selected components are now highlighted.
* ALIEN-307: All delete button in Alien now have a confirmation popup.
* ALIEN-324: An error message is now displayed when renaming a relationship with a name that already exists.
* ALIEN-332: Improvement of relationship view to have version select more consistent with node type's view and well managed.


# Cloudify 2 PaaS Provider new features

* ALIEN-252: A single PaaS Provider plugin can now manage multiple Clouds (new concept introduced in Alien 4 Cloud 0.0.11)

# Cloudify 2 PaaS Provider feature improvements


