---
layout: post
title:  What's New
root: ../
categories: RELEASE_NOTES
parent: [release_note, 1.0.0-M3]
node_name: 1.0.0-M3_new
weight: 100
---

{%summary%}{%endsummary%}

# Alien 4 Cloud new features

* ALIEN-441: In components search page, there is now an abstract filter that is enabled by default.
* ALIEN-443: User can now access node details page from the topology view (on the node details on node search)
* ALIEN-456: ALIEN 4 Cloud version is now displayed in the UI.
* ALIEN-479: TOSCA support is now matching simple profile 1.0.0.wd03
* ALIEN-483: CSAR parser is now able to support multiple TOSCA versions (starting from 1.0.0.wd03).
* ALIEN-511: REST API to manage application environments.
* ALIEN-527: Support a deletable BlockStorage type. This BlockStorage is deleted automatically when undeploying the application

# Alien 4 Cloud feature improvements

* ALIEN-436: The provider version is now displayed when admin create a new cloud.
* ALIEN-437: The editor that allow to see scripts now doesn't allow users to type text in order to avoid confusions.
* ALIEN-442: We now display simple names of tosca components rather than full names in search.
* ALIEN-515: Microsoft AZURE can now be selected from the cloud types list.
* ALIEN-534: Improves error messages (with line and column numbers) when there is issues on CSAR import.


# Cloudify 2 PaaS Provider new features

* ALIEN-510: Network nodes are now managed in Cloudify 2 driver.
* ALIEN-516: Block Storage management now supports custom format and mount.
* ALIEN-527: Support a deletable BlockStorage type. This BlockStorage is deleted automatically when undeploying the application
* ALIEN-530: Ability for the user to provide a custom script for deleting the Block-storage

# Cloudify 2 PaaS Provider feature improvements



# Tosca Components new features

* ALIEN-527: Support a deletable BlockStorage type. This BlockStorage is deleted automatically when undeploying the application

# Tosca Components feature improvements

* ALIEN-526: Impove our Samples recipes to add support of Ubuntu 12.04

